review of the diet months console
a console that contains within it several games to be precise thirty
console titles called
settled jimmy hart
this is the packaging
inside it we find in the same console
the connection cable for the jecca TV including video
and audio
the manual is multi-lingual, including obviously Italian
we challenge the console in detail
the death. alice the display the controller and multidirectional the two keys
for atb games
in the upper part 700
the ruhr wheel to adjust the volume
the slider and to turn on the console
the socket for the TV connection cable
in the lower part we have the weight for the headphones
we ship it back on we remove it in this protection
we turn on we act with the appropriate command
sudo lights up in just a few seconds
here is the menu with all the titles
available internally divided into 4 pages in this first to the second
it's the fourth
let's see now
uhm new find some yahoo
golden ax
no
to
kkkkkk
no
does
beautiful
no
nunzia competition
so this button pauses the game
tonight instead returned to the initial menu
and here we come now another game among which available and I would say to go
directly on
Russian nick
--marcok
in Rome
gay
but it is
bela
come on
area
thank you
thanks here
gay
in this case we go to fabric francers
then
blackberries
new facebook
no
hahaha
Dear
art
Sara
but
ahhh
antara
but
Now
at the wheel an evening seat 11 months messenger
meetings
well ultimately we can say that it is a good product
light with good autonomy it can be used in full mobility
or you want other measures so this thing will go to play
on the largest screen
leasing the weak points we say the things that I don't like are absolutely the
controller
of which there are 12 volts
making the directions diagonally in general is not a problem a motto
be annoying with some games it
then he beats me when he sat down with a screwdriver
the choice of games is obviously unlimited among those available but
it will probably be made to keep the price down
I remind everyone that on the yahoo site
fuck. ainu.it available lite a complete review of the
product goodbye to all